- COLE: Ah, there you are!
How're you doing today, Jodie?
Good?
(CHUCKLES)
I hate to bother you when you're playing
and all but uh...
I believe it's time, honey.
Alright, Nathan is waiting for us.
- MAN: Hi Cole!
- COLE: Hey Allen.
- WOMAN: Hello precious!
Don't you look pretty today?
- COLE: Here we are.
- NATHAN: Hey Jodie.
How's your day been so far?
(DOOR CLOSES)
- JODIE: Pretty good.
- COLE: Okay, we're gonna put this on now.
Remember, it's just like a crown.
Ooh yeahh...
Oh... Now you're a little princess! (CHUCKLES)
- NATHAN: Don't worry.
Everything's gonna be fine.
I'm right next door if you need me, okay?
- COLE: Hey Jodie, can you hear me?
Okay, let's start.
Kathlyn is next door
and she has the same cards as you.
And we're gonna get her to choose one
and see if you can tell us which one she chose.
You think you can do that?
Good.
Alright, let's go for it.
First card.
Next card.
Very good, Jodie!
Let's try something else.
There's some building blocks on the table
on the other room.
You think you can make them fall over?
Good, Jodie. Anything else in the room
you can move?
- KATHLYN: I...
Oh god.
That's it!
I'm sorry but I'm done!
- COLE: Okay Jodie.
Honey please, tell him it's over.
- KATHLYN: It's locked.
The door's locked!
I'm telling you it's locked!
- COLE: No, Kathlyn it's not locked.
It's probably just stuck. Give it some momen.
Get me out of here!
Get me out of here NOW!
- NATHAN: Calm down, Kathlyn.
Go get the door.
You have to stop now, Jodie.
The test is over, you need...
- JODIE: No, Aiden NO!
- KATHLYN: (SCREAMS)
- NATHAN: Jodie!
It's over Jodie, it's over!
It's over.
- JODIE: It'll never be over.